# Additional Questions
1. Write a PLSQL program to display Largest among 3 numbers.✅
2. Write a PLSQL program to display sum and average of 5 numbers.✅
3. Write a PLSQL program to display square and cube of a number.✅
4. Write a PLSQL program to check the age of a person is eligible to vote or not.✅
5. Write a PLSQL program to check the amount entered in rupees is multiples of hundred or not.✅
6. Write a PLSQL program to display smallest among 4 numbers.✅
7. Write a PLSQL program to check the entered number is Prime number or not.✅
8. Write a PLSQL program to display the average number of records of any database table.✅
9. Write a PLSQL program to display the product of 2 numbers without multiplication.✅
10. Write a PLSQL program to sum of all the numbers from 1 to n.✅
11. Write a PLSQL program to accept the name of a student and display it in Upper case and
Lowercase.✅
12. Write a PLSQL program to display all the odd numbers within a given range.✅
13. Write a PLSQL program to display multiplication table up to 10 for a given number.✅
14. Write a PLSQL program to display the sum of every digit of a given number.✅
15. Write a PLSQL program to check the given number is Palindrome or not.✅

1. Create a PL/SQL block to declare a cursor to select last name, first name, salary, and hire date from
the EMPLOYEE table. Retrieve each row from the cursor and print the employees information if the employees 
salary is greater than $50,000 and the hire date is before 31-DEC-1997 (explicit cursor problem).✅

2. Create a PL/SQL block that declares a cursor. Pass a parameter to the cursor of the type that is the 
same as the Salary column in EMPLOYEE table to the cursor. Open the cursor with a value for the parameter.
Retrieve information into the cursor for a salary higher than the parameter value. Use a loop to print
each employees information from the cursor (cursor with parameter problem).✅

3. Create a PL/SQL block that declares a cursor. Pass building as parameter and increase the capacity by 
20%.✅
